[ Up-tempo music plays ]
>> Gumball: I think lunch is the
best, because you've already had
breakfast...
>> Darwin: But you still have
dinner to look forward to.
>> Gumball: [ Gasps ]
A plastic magic wand!
>> Both: Sweeeet!
>> Darwin: Make a wish!
>> Gumball: I wish i had six
eyes.
>> Darwin: One...
Two...
Hm.
Maybe you have to wave it.
I wish gumball had six eyes.
>> Gumball: One...
Two...
Aw, this magic wand is weak.
>> Dad: [ Gasps ]
Magic wand?
[ Panting ]
[ Thud! ]
[ Grunts ]
Can i have a turn?
>> Gumball: Sure, but it doesn't
really --
>> dad: Cool!
With this, i can make all my
wishes come true.
My first wish is that this wand
doesn't turn out to be a big
fraud, like that stupid
wishbone!
>> Gumball: What wishbone?
>> Dad: Well, when i was a boy
about your age...
I wish that the sausages would
fly into my mouth!
Mom, i made a wish on the
wishbone, and nothing happened!
>> What did you think, that it
was gonna come true?
Magic isn't real.
>> Dad: [ Gasps ]
You mean, it's...A fraud?
>> Yeah. It's a fraud.
>> Dad: AAA-AAA-AAA-AAA-AAA-AAA-
AAA-AAA-AAA-AAA-AAA-AAA-AAA-AAA-
AAA-AAA-AAA-AAA-AAA-AAA-AAA...
...and i didn't stop screaming
for 15 years.
AAA-AAA-AAA-AAA...
AAA-AAA-AAA-AAA --
[ Chomp! ]
AAA-AAA-AAA-AAA!
I never believed in anything
again.
But i believe this will be
different.
Now, I've got some wishing to
do!
[ Giggling ]
>> Gumball: You know what this
means, Darwin.
We have to make sure all of
dad's wishes come true.
>> Darwin: Why?
>> Gumball: Because if we don't,
he'll never be able to believe
in anything again.
And he might go crazy and start
screaming.
We have to make sure he thinks
that wand is real.
>> Darwin: Yeah!
>> Dad: Uh...
Oh!
I wish for sausages to fly into
my mouth.
>> Both: Whoo-oo-oo-oo-oo.
>> Dad: [ Gasps ]
[ Slurp! ]
Ptuh!
I think you and me are gonna be
friends.
[ Water gurgles ]
Huh?
[ Groans ]
Uh! Ha-ha!
I wish the sink was fixed.
>> Gumball: Well, how do you fix
the sink?
>> Darwin: I don't know.
>> Both: Aaaaaaahh!
>> Darwin: Quick!
Mr. dad's gonna find out the
wand's not real!
[ Pop! ]
[ Creak! ]
>> Dad: Aaah.
>> Gumball: Ptuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuh!
Ptuh! Ptuh!
Buh-b-b-b-b-b-b-b!
Bah-b-b-b-b!
Pweh!
>> Dad: You are truly powerful.
I shall name you...
Wanda -- the wonderful wand of
wonder!
>> Gumball: Quick -- i think
dad's gonna make another wish.
>> Dad: I wish it was raining
pancakes!
[ Ding! ]
[ Splat! ]
Huh?
[ Gasps ]
Ooooh.
[ Stirring music plays ]
[ Laughing ]
[ Whip! Whip! Whip! Whip! ]
[ Whirl! ]
I wish it was Christmas every
day.
>> Gumball: [ Grunts ]
Ow!
[ "We wish you a merry
Christmas" plays ]
>> Darwin: Ho-ho-ho!
>> Both: Merry Christmas,
everyone!
>> Dad: [ Laughing ]
Oooh!
I wish...
[ Groans ]
I wish i was taller.
Hee-hee! Hee-hee! Oh!
Oh!
Now I'm a giant!
I wish...
I wish i had a monster truck.
[ Engine rumbles ]
Yeah, a monster-truck t-shirt.
[ Backup signal beeping ]
[ Whoosh! Splat! ]
Heh-heh! Heh!
I wish...
I wish i could be invisible.
>> Gumball: Come on, Darwin.
Just do what i do.
Where's dad?
I wonder where he's gone.
Look -- he left his wand
floating in midair.
>> Dad: [ Snickers ]
>> Darwin: He's here.
>> Gumball: Come on, Darwin.
Let's go and find him.
>> Darwin: But he's here.
>> Gumball: Darwin!
>> Dad: I wish...
I wish i wasn't so hot.
Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! Aah! Whoo!
Aah!
Ahhh.
[ Sloop! ]
>> [ Groans ] Not again.
[ Smack! ]
Mr. watterson!
Would you kindly refrain from
offending my wife's eyeballs
with your public display of
vulgarity?
>> Dad: Oh.
Sorry, Mr. Robinson.
Hey.
Wait a second.
You picked the wrong day to mess
with...
The bunny warlock!!
>> Sorry -- what?
>> Dad: If it's a fight you
want, it's a fight you've got!
But i think i should warn you --
i have supernatural powers!
>> The only thing supernatural
about you is your ignorance.
[ Both laughing ]
>> Dad: I wouldn't be laughing
if i was facing...
The mighty bunny warlock!!
>> The only thing mighty about
you is your ignorance.
[ Both laugh ]
I used the same joke again.
>> Dad: Perhaps you haven't
noticed my magic wand and...
My cape!
>> You don't have a cape.
>> Dad: Mm?
I wish for a cape.
>> You look ridiculous.
>> Dad: You leave me no choice,
sir.
I wish...
>> Gumball: Here we go.
>> Dad: I wish you looked
ridiculous!
>> Huh?!
>> Dad: Aah! Horrible!
Take it off! Take it off!
>> Cover your eyes, woman!
>> Dad: Aah! No!
Put it back on!
And i wish your wife's head was
a melon.
[ Splat! ]
Now i wish you would fly away
out of my sight.
>> Both: Aaah!
[ Thud! ]
[ Both groan ]
You dared to doubt the
all-powerful bunny warlock!
>> Gumball: I can't hold it any
longer!
>> Dad: Now, begone!
>> [ Grunts ]
>> Dad: [ Blows ]
[ Humming ]
>> He really is a wizard.
Run, Margaret, run!
Aah!
>> Dad: He! He-he!
A-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
>> Darwin: Mr. dad's turning
evil.
>> Gumball: Maybe it's time we
told him the truth.
>> Darwin: But if we tell him
the truth, he's gonna get upset,
like when he was a boy.
>> Gumball: Ah, you're right.
I know!
We're gonna have to take the
wand back!
>> Dad: [ Laughing ]
Is there nothing you can't do,
Wanda?
I think i finally understand
your true power!
I wish...
I w--
>> gumball: This has gone on
long enough.
Hmph!
>> Dad: What are you doing here?
>> Gumball: This wand -- it has
made you evil.
We're taking it back.
>> Darwin: Hmph!
>> Dad: You think that you mere
mortals have the power to
challenge me?
Come -- take the wand if you
dare.
Slip-over spell!
>> Gumball: We've got to do it.
It'll break his heart if he
finds out.
>> Dad: Aaaah-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
>> Gumball: Can't you see what
you've become?
>> Dad: I can see perfectly
clearly.
I have become a master wizard!
Slow-motion spell!
>> Gumball: [ Slowly ] It's
power has overtaken you.
>> Dad: Reverse spell!
>> Gumball: You overtaken has
power it's!
>> Darwin: No, it's more like
ouy nekatrevo sah rewop s'ti!
>> Dad: [ Laughs ]
Love spell!
[ Ding! ]
[ Romantic music plays ]
>> Gumball: [ Sighs ]
[ Both laugh nervously ]
>> Dad: Inside-out spell!
[ Both gagging ]
[ Bloop! ]
Eh! Gross!
Back-to-normal spell!
[ Blat! ]
H-ha-ha-ha-ha!
>> Gumball: Give us the wand!
>> Dad: Never!
I wish your face was his butt
and his butt was your face!
>> Gumball: Really?
>> Dad: I wished it, didn't i?
>> Gumball: [ Sighs ]
[ Honk! ]
>> Dad: A-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Now i wish that your butt was
his face and his face was your
butt!
[ Honk! ]
Naaaaaaa-ha-ha!
I wish that, um, your face was
kissing his butt and his butt
was kissing your face!
[ Smooch! ]
A-ha-ha!
>> Gumball: This has got to
stop.
>> Dad: AAA-ha-ha-ha-ha!
>> Gumball: Dad!
We've got something to tell you.
>> Dad: What's going on?
Why have you stopped?
>> Gumball: That wand's a fake.
It's just a plastic toy, free
from a cereal packet.
>> Dad: Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
What nonsense!
If that's true, how do you
explain this?
Yaaaaa--
[ splat! ]
Ow!
[ Whimpers ]
>> Gumball: It was us.
We've been making it happen
right from the start.
I hope you're not mad at us.
>> Dad: You mean you two kids
spent the whole day making
incredible wishes come true?
You did that all for me?
>> Both: Of course!
>> Dad: Even when i made your
butt kiss his face and his face
kiss your butt, you did that for
me?
>> Both: Mm-hmm.
>> Dad: Come here and give me a
big hug.
>> All: Mmmmmm.
>> Dad: But hang on.
If you were making my wishes
come true, doesn't that mean
that Wanda the wonderful wand
of wonder is a fraud?
>> Both: Uh...
Yeah.
>> Dad: A fraud?
>> Both: Uh...
>> Dad: [ Inhales deeply ]
Yaa-AAA-AAA-AAA-AAA-AAA-AAA...
>> [ Chuckles ]
It's mine!
The power is all mine!
I wish you didn't have that
ridiculous haircut.
[ Whirl! ]
>> [ Snorts ]
>> I wish i hadn't said that.
[ Squeaking ]
>> [ Exhales ]
Aaah!
>> Careful, numbskull!
These trophies are a symbol of
my excellence as a teacher.
It took me 754 years to collect
them all.
>> [ Grumbles ]
>> What was that?!
>> Hello!
"Favorite teacher award"?
It's like the best one and
stuff, but you'll never win it.
>> Why not?
>> Because you need a letter of
recommendation from a student
who, uh...Actually likes you.
>> That sounds easy enough.
>> [ Laughs ]
Seriously, though, no one likes
you, miss simian -- not even me!
And i like everybody.
>> Nobody likes me?
Hmm...
>> Gumball: Dude, i think
something's wrong with
miss simian.
>> Darwin: What makes you say
that?
>> Gumball: She hasn't told
anyone off all day.
[ Whip! ]
[ Music blaring, laughter,
indistinct shouting ]
>> Darwin: That is weird.
[ School bell rings ]
>> Whoo-hoo!
>> Gumball: Hey, guys!
Wait up!
>> Gumball?
>> Gumball: Yeah...?
>> You and i are friends, right?
>> Gumball: Are we?
>> Well, what with all the
detentions and everything, i
guess we spend a lot of time
together.
>> Gumball: Uh...I guess so.
Anyway, gotta go.
>> Just one more thing.
Would you mind if i hang out
with you just for a little
while?
>> Gumball: Uh...Yeah.
Yeah, i would.
Basically, she asked to be my
friend.
Well, i told her "no,"
obviously.
But now she's just following me
around.
And the strangest thing is,
she's completely unresponsive.
Watch.
[ Splat! ]
See? Nothing!
>> Darwin: Hmm.
Try something hot.
>> Gumball: Is she still there?
>> Darwin: Yep.
Shoo! Shoo! Shoo!!
Huh?
>> Gumball: Fetch!
[ Sighs ]
I hope things get better
tomorrow.
>> [ Slurping ]
>> Mom: What is she doing in my
house?
>> I'm sorry.
I just thought that maybe we
could share a nice breakfast
together, but since you all hate
me, I'll just go.
I'm walking.
>> Darwin: It's so sad.
>> This is me...On my way.
I'm at the door.
>> Anais: This is kind of harsh.
>> I'm turning the doorknob.
I'm opening the door.
>> Dad: I don't know why, but
I'm crying!
>> Boy, it sure looks lonely out
there.
>> Gumball: Mom, why do you hate
miss simian so much?
>> Mom: I don't want to talk
about it.
>> Darwin: [ Crying ]
Please let her stay!
>> Mom: Okay.
She can stay, but --
>> oh, thank you!
You're such a kind and friendly
family!
You know, I've never had friends
before.
I don't even know what friends
do.
>> Gumball: don't worry.
We'll show you.
Now, a very important part of
friendship is sharing.
Imagine you both have ice
creams.
>> Both: Oh!
>> Gumball: But what's this?
Darwin has dropped his ice
cream.
I said, "Darwin has dropped his
ice cream."
[ Sighs ]
Splat!
>> Darwin: You got it on my
shoes.
>> Uh, do you want to share
mine?
>> Gumball: [ Gasps ]
Very good.
>> Ice cream, Darwin?
>> Darwin: Aw, thanks!
>> But, gumball, you don't have
an ice cream.
Want to share mine?
>> Gumball: Sure.
Oh...
Dude, this is so gross!
>> Darwin: Why don't you pretend
you have your own ice cream?
>> Gumball: Ugh!
Why didn't i think of that?
Friends also high-five, like
this.
>> Both: High-five!
>> Gumball: Okay, now --
[ whap! ]
No, i meant slap my --
[ Whap! ]
Let's move on to the next
lesson.
How about we all play a game,
like friends do?
Here's one we made up.
It's called...
>> Both: Dodge or dare!
>> Gumball: Roll the dice.
Take a card.
>> Both: What'd you get?
>> "Put a gooey hair ball in
miss simian's lunch."
>> Gumball: [ Gasps ]
L-let me take that.
Pick another.
>> "When miss simian's back is
turned --"
>> gumball: [ Chuckles ]
A-actually, let me pick one for
you.
Uh, "cover simian in slug juice,
drop water balloons on simian,
miss simian, miss simian,
miss simian --"
heh heh. Forget the cards.
Here's a dare.
Make the most annoying noise
possible.
>> Eeeh...
>> Gumball: O...Kay.
That was...Good, but we know
that you can do better.
>> Darwin: Like when you're mad
at us.
>> Oh, you mean this little
thing?
Gu-u-u-u-mba-a-a-a-ll!!
[ High-pitched ringing ]
>> Both: That...Was...
Awesome!
>> Gumball: High-five!
[ Whap! Whap! ]
That still needs a little work.
>> Mom: I've got my eye on you,
simian.
>> Dad: [ Laughing ]
Do it again!
[ Laughter ]
>> I'm so pleased to finally
have such great friends!
>> All: Ahhh!
We love you, miss simian.
>> Mom: Sorry, kids.
Miss simian, c-can i have a word
with you in private, please?
>> Yes, Nicole, how can i help
you?
>> Mom: Listen, simian, you
might have the rest of them
fooled, but i don't trust you
for a second.
I remember you from school.
I remember the horrible name you
used to call me every day.
Do you remember that?
>> Yes, i do.
And I'm sorry.
>> Mom: What?
>> I was that horrid person for
so long, and look where it got
me.
No friends, no family -- just
bitterness and wrinkles.
But even an old ape can change.
Will you give me that chance?
>> Mom: Oh, i don't know.
It's all happening so fast.
>> Ple-e-e-e-e-ase?
>> Mom: [ Shudders ]
Okay, I'll -- I'll give it
another shot.
>> Gumball: What do we do now,
best friends?
>> Uh, let's see.
I know!
Best friends write letters to
each other about how great they
are.
>> Gumball: Wow!
What a...Friendly idea.
What shall we write?
>> Um...Ooh...
How about "we, the
aforementioned, unanimously
agree that miss simian is worthy
of this year's 'favorite
teacher' award."
>> Gumball: "Favorite teacher
award."
Okay! Done it!
>> [ Laughs maniacally ]
It's mine!
[ Hip-hop music plays ]
Ah-a! Ha-mmm! Ah-mmm! Ah-a!
Ah-a! Uh-hmm! Uh-mmm!
>> Darwin: Look how happy she
is.
>> Gumball: That's the power of
friendship.
Wow!
You baked that cake for
miss simian?
>> Mom: Yeah.
I think she deserves a second
chance.
Is miss simian around?
>> Nah, dude.
She just drove off.
[ Chuckles ]
You should have seen her, all
dancing and laughing, saying she
finally got some losers to write
her a "favorite teacher"
nomination.
[ All gasp ]
[ Shatter! ]
>> Mom: What was the word she
used?
>> [ Slowly ] "Losers."
>> Nicole: Unh!
>> Heh! Nice first steps, loser!
>> [ Laughs ]
Nice cycling, loser!
Nice "poem," loser!
Nice hair, loser.
Nice husband, loser!
[ Laughs maniacally ]
>> Mom: Everyone, get back in
the car.
>> Dad: [ Munch! Munch! ]
Now?
>> [ Laughing ]
Soon, the trophy will be mine.
[ Bang! ]
Aaaah!
>> Mom: We'll see about that,
you two-faced baboon!
>> There's nothing you can do
about it, loser!
>> Gumball: Mom!
What are you doing?!
>> Mom: Something i should have
done a long time ago.
[ Tires squeal ]
[ Engine revs ]
[ Tires screech ]
Kids, throw stuff at her!
>> Gumball: But isn't that
dangerous?
>> Mom: Not as dangerous as
disobeying your mother!
>> Gumball: Sorry! Eh!
>> Ah! Oh! Aaah!
>> Anais: Open your mouth.
>> Aah!
Ohh!
>> Gumball: I hope you like
pepperoni!
>> Aaaaaah!
Aaaah!
[ Fluttering ]
Huh?
Oh!
That was close.
[ Gasps ]
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhh!
>> Gumball: Cool!
>> Not coo-o-o-o-l!
>> Darwin: I thought you were
our friend, miss simian.
>> Ha!
Who needs friends when you have
this letter?
Aah!
[ Fluttering ]
Huh?
>> Mom: There it is, Richard!
Get it!
>> Dad: Do what?!
>> Mom: I'll get closer, and you
lean in and grab it.
>> Dad: Seriously?
[ Squeaking ]
Little bit closer, honey!
Ooh! Almost...There!
Aah!
>> Both: Dad!
>> Dad: Oooh-whoo! Whoo-oooh!
>> Mom: Hold on!
>> Dad: Waaah-ha!
Hi.
>> Bye!
>> Dad: Ow!
[ Smack! Smack! Smack! ]
[ Horn blaring ]
>> All: Aaaaaaaah!
>> Dad: Got it! Ha ha!
Aaaaaah!
Whoooooa!
>> Mom: Never...Trick...My...
Family...Again!
>> Anais: Mom, watch out!
[ Tires screech ]
>> [ Laughs ]
Aaah!
[ Tires screeching ]
[ Crash! ]
[ Clatter! ]
>> Mom: [ Panting ]
And that, kids, is why you wear
seatbelts.
>> Gumball: Where's miss simian?
>> Uh...Huh...Ah...
Ah-hey!
>> Gumball: Miss simian, no!
You could still be friends with
us if you like.
>> Nah!
[ Creak! ]
Aaaaaaaaaah!
[ Crash! Boom! ]
>> Gumball: Ohhh.
>> Dad: What did i miss?
>> All: Dad!
>> Mom: Oh, just simian taking a
little tumble.
>> Dad: Maybe that'll teach
her for "monkeying around."
[ Laughter ]
>> Mom: We shouldn't laugh.
She may be seriously hurt.
>> Dad: Well, you shouldn't have
"gibbon" her a second chance.
[ Laughter ]
>> Mom: No, really.
That's enough.
>> Dad: Well, she shouldn't have
"orangu-tangled" with us.
[ Laughter ]
>> Mom: I said that's enough.
>> That was so worth it.